c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\Planner.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ActivitiesPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ActivitiesPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddActivity.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddActivity.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddDiaryPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddDiaryPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddToDoSetPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddToDoSetPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\DiariesPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\DiariesPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ExtendedSplash.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ExtendedSplash.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\FriendsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\FriendsPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\GrantPermissionsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\GrantPermissionsPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MailPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ReflectionsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ReflectionsPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\RegistrationPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\RegistrationPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SendMailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SendMailPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SettingsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ShowDiaryPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ShowDiaryPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ToDoPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ToDoPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\UserPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\UserPage.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ActivitiesPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddActivity.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddDiaryPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddToDoSetPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\DiariesPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ExtendedSplash.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\FriendsPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\GrantPermissionsPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MailPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ReflectionsPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\RegistrationPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SendMailPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SettingsPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ShowDiaryPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ToDoPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\UserPage.xaml
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ActivitiesPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddActivity.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddDiaryPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\AddToDoSetPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\DiariesPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ExtendedSplash.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\FriendsPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\GrantPermissionsPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\LoginPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\MailPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ReflectionsPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\RegistrationPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SendMailPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\SettingsPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ShowDiaryPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\ToDoPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\UserPage.xbf
c:\users\bilel\documents\visual studio 15\Projects\Planner\Planner\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
